---
title: TITLE
date: YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS +/-TTTT
categories: [TOP_CATEGORIE, SUB_CATEGORIE]
tags: [TAG]     # TAG names should always be lowercase
---
**Welcome to my thoughts online!**

I have always been fascinated by faith, beliefs, and science. These thoughts have been running through my mind since I was a teenager, constantly self-propagating and self-replicating. Much later, I discovered that many others have also pondered these ideas, often delving much deeper and more robustly than I could ever imagine. Some have even translated their thoughts into books, which I now enjoy listening to and reading. It's a fascinating hobby. I later learned that this mental playground is formally called philosophy, a vast field that encompasses many disciplines. I love the feeling I get when I read a good book on philosophy, admiring the minds from which these thoughts originated. It makes me happy and humble. Reading books by great philosophical minds makes me feel like a child again. I love philosophy, although I wouldn't call myself a philosopher. I'm more like a boy scout just starting to learn to tie knots, while also enjoying reading about the adventures of brigadiers and generals.

One thing I particularly enjoy is having discussions with fellow curious individuals on social media platforms. These spaces attract like-minded people, and I've learned a lot from engaging with them. Interacting with others in online forums feels like learning through peer assessment. I post something that interests me, and soon others who relate to the topic jump in and contribute, each assessing and critiquing one another. It's fascinating and highly engaging. Learning becomes a side effect; I'm there to have fun. Outside of the internet, people like this are rare. I'm not fond of small talk; I'd rather listen to people discussing their beliefs and why they hold them. That's why I've set up this space to share my thoughts and beliefs, starting with the question, "How Do We Know What We Know?"
